# C2PA Sample

The purpose of this sample is to demonstrate how one can record and trace the lifecycle of an embedded file manifest within RKVST thus providing a historical chain of events of wanted or unwanted changes and/or updates.

Note: For clarity an simplicity this sample does not show how to create the C2PA manifest itself, but rather uses pre-prepared files generated by the standard c2patool.

## Pre-requisites

* Python 3.7 and later versions are supported.

* Install the [RKVST samples Python package](https://pypi.org/project/rkvst-samples/ "PyPi package page")

* Get an authorization bearer token and store it in the file `credentials/.auth_token`. If you don't know how to do this, please refer to the [RKVST documentation](https://docs.rkvst.com/docs/rkvst-basics/getting-access-tokens-using-app-registrations/ "Getting an auth token"). Make sure that the `credentials` folder is suitably restricted by disallowing root and group access.


## Running the sample

To run the sample: 

```bash
archivist_samples_c2pa [-v] -t credentials/.authtoken
```

## Using the C2PADocument class

The Document class can create a C2PA Document Asset and currently has the ability to add
`publish` events to that Document Asset.

We also have the ability to:
* create a parent
* create an external manifest 
* create the ingredients
* create an info report

### Creating a Document

To create a brand new C2PA Document Asset, use `document.create()`.

see `run.py` for example.

### Publishing a new Document Version


To publish a new version of a document, use `document.publish()`.

see `run.py` for example.

## Public Access

By default the document created is private, and cannot be viewed publically.